doc: better linkaged to node-addon-api (#24371)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

  handling section [Error Handling][].

The N-API is a C API that ensures ABI stability across Node.js versions
and different compiler levels. A C++ API can be easier to use

> . To support using C++, the project maintains a

Reviewer: Nit: Seeing a line starting with a dot, seems not correct.

> in many cases.** In order to support using C++ the project maintains a

Reviewer 2: Do we really need to add bold text here? (No strong opinion other than we have a tendency to overuse bold and italics so it always seems worth asking.)

Reviewer 2: If you really want people to take notice of the sentence, make it more direct by getting rid of qualifiers like "However" and "in many cases" so it's just: 

> A C++ API can be easier to use.

Maybe even set it off as its own single-sentence paragraph if it's that important.

Reviewer 2: `In order to` -> `To`

Reviewer 2: Comma needed after `C++`

C++ wrapper module called
[node-addon-api](https://github.com/nodejs/node-addon-api).
This wrapper provides an inlineable C++ API. Binaries built

> with `node-addon-api` will depend on the symbols for the N-API C based

Reviewer 2: `C based` -> `C-based`

Reviewer 2: Is this sentence necessary? Can it be removed? It might be my lack of domain knowledge here, but it's unclear to me why this sentence is necessary given the surrounding material.

Author: I think it's a key point so I'd like to leave it in.

> functions exported by Node.js. `node-addon-api` can be seen as a more

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
functions exported by Node.js. `node-addon-api` is a more
```

> efficient way to write code that calls N-API. For example if the following

Reviewer 2: Comma needed after `example`

> `node-addon-api` code is written:

Reviewer 2: Maybe replace the whole lead-up here with this:

```markdown
Take, for example, the following `node-addon-api` code: 
```

> `node-add-api` code and the section section shows what actually gets

Reviewer: `node-addon-api`, right?

Reviewer: Also, there are two "section"s.

```C++
Object obj = Object::New(env);
obj["foo"] = String::New(env, "bar");
```

> what actually gets used in the addon is:

Reviewer 2: Splitting the sentence up with examples and having this fragment here makes it pretty hard to read/understand IMO.

> what actually gets used in the addon is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What actually gets used in the addon is:
```

```C++
napi_status status;
napi_value object, string;
status = napi_create_object(env, &object);
if (status != napi_ok) {
  napi_throw_error(env, ...);
  return;
}

status = napi_crate_string_utf8(env, "bar", NAPI_AUTO_LENGTH, &string);
if (status != napi_ok) {
  napi_throw_error(env, ...);
  return;
}

status = napi_set_named_property(env, object, "foo", string);
if (status != napi_ok) {
  napi_throw_error(env, ...);
  return;
}
```

> The end result is that the addon only uses the exported C APIs and as a result

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The end result is that the addon only uses the exported C APIs. As a result, it
```

it still gets the benefits of the ABI stability provided by the C API.
Detailed API documentation for `node-addon-api` is available
[here](https://github.com/nodejs/node-addon-api#api-documentation).

When using `node-addon-api` instead of the C APIs, start with the API docs

> for `node-addon-api`.

Reviewer: Nit: A link to it would be better here, right?

> to start with the API docs for `node-addon-api` instead.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is long, complicated, and contains too many qualifiers. How about splitting it up into at least two sentences? Also, provide a link to the API docs you're recommending people use?

Reviewer 2: Maybe all it really needs to be is?:

```markdown
When using `node-addon-api` instead of the C APIs, start with the API docs for node-addon-api.
```

C++ wrapper module called
[node-addon-api](https://github.com/nodejs/node-addon-api).
This wrapper provides an inlineable C++ API. Binaries built
with `node-addon-api` will depend on the symbols for the N-API C-based
functions exported by Node.js. `node-addon-api` is a more
efficient way to write code that calls N-API. Take, for example, the 
following `node-addon-api` code. The first section shows the
`node-addon-api` code and the second section shows what actually gets
used in the addon.

```C++
Object obj = Object::New(env);
obj["foo"] = String::New(env, "bar");
```

```C++
napi_status status;
napi_value object, string;
status = napi_create_object(env, &object);
if (status != napi_ok) {
  napi_throw_error(env, ...);
  return;
}

status = napi_crate_string_utf8(env, "bar", NAPI_AUTO_LENGTH, &string);
if (status != napi_ok) {
  napi_throw_error(env, ...);
  return;
}

status = napi_set_named_property(env, object, "foo", string);
if (status != napi_ok) {
  napi_throw_error(env, ...);
  return;
}
```

The end result is that the addon only uses the exported C APIs. As a result,
it still gets the benefits of the ABI stability provided by the C API.

> Detailed API documentation for `node-addon-api` is available

Reviewer 3: Are not this sentence and the next paragraph a bit duplicate?

Author: @vsemozhetbyt , turns out that after changes for other comments that is the case. Removed the first sentence.
